Dear User,

This is the page for information about our current senior design project which will be an attachable device for a saxophone which will 
generate audio effects and visual effects. There is also a controller that has a TFT LCD screen and a couple of knobs and a 4 position 
switch. The page will focus on the complications that the CyborgSax team had to encounter throughout the duration of the project. 
This is a guide to whoever is reading this to save time on figuring out what is wrong with certain parts of the project whether 
it is hardware or software.

The first problem that the team encountered was the selection of the microprocessor. The team had to choose from various microprocessors 
such as the Raspberry Pi, the Arduino and the NVIDIA TX1. After some research the team realised that the best option was the Teensy 3.6 
which is an Arduino based microprocessor that is designed for audio processing. It had enough CPU power and had the ability to be fitted
with a 32 GB SD Card which had the ability to store content such as code and any audio files that we needed to use. If the project was 
to be redone we would still have went with the Teensy 3.6 again however we probably would have went with 2 Teensys instead of one for more
processing power. Even though at first it seemed that there was enough processing power the screen could not display the correct values 
anymore because of everything trying to run at once. There is a slight problem because in order to use multiple Teensys there would need 
to be a way to get the Teensys to communicate with each other.

Microphone selection can save you time if you decide not to get a microphone with a 3.5mm jack input but an XLR input instead as the
method of using the 3.5mm headphone jack did not work for the team first time. And even when trying to amplify the signal with an
operational amplifier that still didn’t work. As a result one of the people in the team decided to go with an XLR audio input for the
microphone which worked.

Setting up the code for the encoder knob the first time was a hassle as there was one line of code where an INPUT_PULLUP was needed 
instead of INPUT for the pin modes where a lot of time was wasted trying to figure out what went wrong with the code and why there were
no values getting outputted properly to the serial monitor. That change of INPUT_PULLUP is needed otherwise there will be no correct 
values shown to the serial monitor.

Another thing that cost the team time was when the TFT LCD screen was not hooked up properly. We tried to look at sources online to see 
how to hook up the specific TFT screen but after careful review from the website that sells the screen it showed us how to wire it up 
properly and that is given from the hardware report on the GitHub. Please follow that table as shown to make the TFT have patterns display 
to the screen when testing for functionality.

If there is not enough CPU power and one has,for whatever reason,no option but to use only one Teensy. One of the problems that was 
causing the noise in the speaker was the use of the 1024 point FFT which took up too much processing power on the Teensy. As a result 
that was fixed by using a 256 point FFT. Also when demoing the final product because there was not enough CPU power the FFT algorithm had
to be paused when the controller was being used. Basically whenever a setting on the controller was being changed the entire FFT function 
stops so that the user can change the setting. Once the setting has been changed the user may deselect a function and the FFT algorithm will 
continue to run.

When it comes to preventing any unstable variations in the output values for the encoder the hardware interrupt must be in the code 
otherwise there will be back and forth fluctuations in the encoder values.
